This week 2 assignment was done as a group effort by Cameron Pinkerton, Hunter Aschen, and Julian Tan. For our Matlab Code, we had the all the initial conditions, fixed time steps, frequencices, and solvers coded into arrays. There are arrays for all of the desired output data to be concatenated into after they are solved in the loop. The for loops were used to iterate through the simulaitons for all of the combinations of the values provided for all solver types. The theoretical solution for the solution was not calculated properly, so it was not found.

## Week 2 Feedback (5/5)
First, please double check that the correct Simulink name is used in the sim function before submitting. I fixed this and ran the MATLAB script and there was another error occuring. I debugged the script by clicking the step buttom (next to the run button) and found that the error is occurring on Line 50 after the first 16 simulations. The error is the following: "Index in position 1 exceeds array bounds, Index must not exceed 1". Another thing I noticed is that the cpu time for each simulation needs to be done before and after the sim function. For example, you could have a variable "cputime_before = cputime" right before the sim function and then a variable after the sim function named "cputime_after = cputime" and then you can take the different between the two and that will be CPU time for the simulation. Regarding the max error, the way to do this is by finding the theoretical rotational speed by using the analytical solution of the EOM. There is an example that Dr. Gopalswamy has done that is similar to the project so please refer to that. Please try your best to complete Part 1. Now moving onto Part 2 of the project, the team will need to create different simulink models for the 3 options on how to connect System 2 to System 1. A suggestion would be to copy the model used for Part 1 and modifying it for each of the options. Once the entire project is complete, make sure to commit all Part 1 and Part 2 files with the commit message "Project 1 Final"